Update docs for SP2021 game (#174)
sourcebots/docs: content/api/magnet.md

---
title: Magnet API
weight: 8
---

The magnet is only available on the [Crane robot](../../robots/crane).
 
The magnet of the crane will only stick to containers.
 
## Getting the magnet's status
 
A magnet can be either energised or de-energised, you can turn the magnet on or off by setting `r.magnet.energised` like so:
```python
# Turn on the magnet
r.magnet.energised = True
# Turn off the magnet
r.magnet.energised = False
```

{{% notice warning %}}
Check the spelling of `energised`, it's in British English, `energized` will not work!
{{% /notice %}}

You can get the current state of the magnet by getting the value of `energized` like so:

```python
magnet_on = r.magnet.energised
```
 
## Checking if a container is nearby

> The magnet can tell you if there is an object in range to be picked up. You can check if any object is in range by accessing the `nearby` property.
> ```python
> # Get if a container is nearby
> is_nearby = r.magnet.nearby # True or False
> ```

Reviewer: Method, not property

```suggestion
The magnet can tell you if there is an object in range to be picked up. You can check if any object is in range by accessing the `nearby` method:
```python
# Is there a container nearby?
is_nearby = r.magnet.nearby() # True or False
```
```
